\section*{Modules Calling Subroutines and Functions}

The following table lists the modules in \D{} that call subroutines or
functions and which ones they call.

\begin{verbatim}
Calling Module                   Called Routine               
angles_module.f :                copystring 
angles_module.f :                dblstr
angles_module.f :                error 
angles_module.f :                gdsum 
angles_module.f :                getrec 
angles_module.f :                getword 
angles_module.f :                gstate 
angles_module.f :                images 
angles_module.f :                intstr
angles_module.f :                lowcase 
basic_comms.f :                  exit 
basic_comms.f :                  gisum 
basic_comms.f :                  mpi_allreduce 
basic_comms.f :                  mpi_barrier 
basic_comms.f :                  mpi_comm_rank 
basic_comms.f :                  mpi_comm_size 
basic_comms.f :                  mpi_finalize 
basic_comms.f :                  mpi_init 
basic_comms.f :                  mpi_recv 
basic_comms.f :                  mpi_send 
basic_comms.f :                  mynode
basic_comms.f :                  numnodes
bonds_module.f :                 copystring 
bonds_module.f :                 dblstr
bonds_module.f :                 error 
bonds_module.f :                 gdsum 
bonds_module.f :                 getrec 
bonds_module.f :                 getword 
bonds_module.f :                 gstate 
bonds_module.f :                 images 
bonds_module.f :                 intstr
bonds_module.f :                 lowcase 
config_module.f :                error 
config_module.f :                gstate 
core_shell_module.f :            dblstr
core_shell_module.f :            error 
core_shell_module.f :            gdsum 
core_shell_module.f :            getrec 
core_shell_module.f :            gstate 
core_shell_module.f :            images 
core_shell_module.f :            intstr
core_shell_module.f :            merge 
core_shell_module.f :            merge1 
coulomb_module.f :               images 
coulomb_module.f :               loc2
define_system_module.f :         abort_config_read 
define_system_module.f :         abort_field_read 
define_system_module.f :         bpd_option 
define_system_module.f :         ccfft3d 
define_system_module.f :         check_shells 
define_system_module.f :         check_syschg 
define_system_module.f :         copystring 
define_system_module.f :         dblstr
define_system_module.f :         dcell 
define_system_module.f :         define_angles 
define_system_module.f :         define_atoms 
define_system_module.f :         define_bonds 
define_system_module.f :         define_constraints 
define_system_module.f :         define_core_shell 
define_system_module.f :         define_dihedrals 
define_system_module.f :         define_external_field 
define_system_module.f :         define_four_body 
define_system_module.f :         define_inversions 
define_system_module.f :         define_metals 
define_system_module.f :         define_pmf 
define_system_module.f :         define_rigid_body 
define_system_module.f :         define_tersoff 
define_system_module.f :         define_tethers 
define_system_module.f :         define_three_body 
define_system_module.f :         define_units 
define_system_module.f :         define_van_der_waals 
define_system_module.f :         duni
define_system_module.f :         energy_unit
define_system_module.f :         ensemble_selection 
define_system_module.f :         error 
define_system_module.f :         error 
define_system_module.f :         ewald_selection 
define_system_module.f :         excitation_option 
define_system_module.f :         exclude 
define_system_module.f :         exclude_atom 
define_system_module.f :         exclude_link 
define_system_module.f :         excludeneu 
define_system_module.f :         fftw3d_f77_create_plan 
define_system_module.f :         findstring
define_system_module.f :         free_energy_option 
define_system_module.f :         freegen 
define_system_module.f :         gauss 
define_system_module.f :         gdsum 
define_system_module.f :         get_prntime 
define_system_module.f :         getcom 
define_system_module.f :         getrec 
define_system_module.f :         getword 
define_system_module.f :         gimax 
define_system_module.f :         gstate 
define_system_module.f :         images 
define_system_module.f :         intlist 
define_system_module.f :         invert 
define_system_module.f :         invert 
define_system_module.f :         jacobi 
define_system_module.f :         kinstress 
define_system_module.f :         lowcase 
define_system_module.f :         lrcmetal 
define_system_module.f :         lrcorrect 
define_system_module.f :         merge 
define_system_module.f :         merge4 
define_system_module.f :         metadyn_option 
define_system_module.f :         mkwd8
define_system_module.f :         neb_option 
define_system_module.f :         neutbook 
define_system_module.f :         passcon 
define_system_module.f :         passpmf 
define_system_module.f :         passquat 
define_system_module.f :         pimd_init 
define_system_module.f :         print_optim 
define_system_module.f :         puni
define_system_module.f :         put_shells_on_cores 
define_system_module.f :         quatbook 
define_system_module.f :         quatqnch 
define_system_module.f :         quench 
define_system_module.f :         shellsort 
define_system_module.f :         shlqnch 
define_system_module.f :         solvation_option 
define_system_module.f :         strip 
define_system_module.f :         striptext 
define_system_module.f :         switching_option 
define_system_module.f :         tad_option 
define_system_module.f :         vscaleg 
define_system_module.f :         warning 
define_system_module.f :         zzfft3d 
dihedral_module.f :              copystring 
dihedral_module.f :              dblstr
dihedral_module.f :              error 
dihedral_module.f :              gdsum 
dihedral_module.f :              getrec 
dihedral_module.f :              getword 
dihedral_module.f :              gstate 
dihedral_module.f :              images 
dihedral_module.f :              intstr
dihedral_module.f :              loc2
dihedral_module.f :              lowcase 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_ang_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_bnd_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_config_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_csh_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_dih_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_ewald_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_exc_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_exi_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_fbp_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_fld_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_free_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_hke_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_hyper_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_inv_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_met_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_pair_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_pimd_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_pmf_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_prp_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_rgbdy_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_shake_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_site_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_sol_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_spme_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_tbp_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_ter_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_tet_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       alloc_vdw_arrays 
dlpoly.f :                       bomb 
dlpoly.f :                       bpd_forces 
dlpoly.f :                       copy_force 
dlpoly.f :                       corshl 
dlpoly.f :                       dcell 
dlpoly.f :                       define_metadynamics 
dlpoly.f :                       error 
dlpoly.f :                       exclude_copy_mtd 
dlpoly.f :                       exitcomms 
dlpoly.f :                       free_energy_write 
dlpoly.f :                       free_kinetic 
dlpoly.f :                       get_simtime 
dlpoly.f :                       gsync 
dlpoly.f :                       hyper_close 
dlpoly.f :                       hyper_driver 
dlpoly.f :                       hyper_start 
dlpoly.f :                       impact 
dlpoly.f :                       initcomms 
dlpoly.f :                       lf_integrate 
dlpoly.f :                       lrcmetal 
dlpoly.f :                       lrcorrect_fre 
dlpoly.f :                       lrcorrect_sol 
dlpoly.f :                       machine 
dlpoly.f :                       minimiser 
dlpoly.f :                       molecular_dynamics 
dlpoly.f :                       neb_driver 
dlpoly.f :                       parset 
dlpoly.f :                       pimd_integrate 
dlpoly.f :                       quantum_energy 
dlpoly.f :                       regauss 
dlpoly.f :                       result 
dlpoly.f :                       revive 
dlpoly.f :                       save_rnd_cfg 
dlpoly.f :                       scan_profile 
dlpoly.f :                       shell_relaxation 
dlpoly.f :                       shlqnch 
dlpoly.f :                       simdef 
dlpoly.f :                       solva_temp 
dlpoly.f :                       solvation_write 
dlpoly.f :                       stage_forces 
dlpoly.f :                       stage_forces 
dlpoly.f :                       static 
dlpoly.f :                       switch 
dlpoly.f :                       switch_atm 
dlpoly.f :                       sysbook 
dlpoly.f :                       sysdef 
dlpoly.f :                       sysgen 
dlpoly.f :                       sysinit 
dlpoly.f :                       systemp 
dlpoly.f :                       timchk 
dlpoly.f :                       traject 
dlpoly.f :                       update_ghost 
dlpoly.f :                       vscaleg 
dlpoly.f :                       vv_integrate 
dlpoly.f :                       write_thermostats 
dlpoly.f :                       xscale 
dlpoly.f :                       zden0 
driver_module.f :                config_write 
driver_module.f :                error 
driver_module.f :                force_manager 
driver_module.f :                freeze 
driver_module.f :                gstate 
driver_module.f :                images 
driver_module.f :                nlist_driver 
driver_module.f :                optimisation_selector 
driver_module.f :                regauss 
driver_module.f :                relax_shells 
driver_module.f :                strucopt 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        cell_update 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        corshl 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        dcell 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        gdsum 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        gdsum 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        getkin
ensemble_tools_module.f :        getkinf
ensemble_tools_module.f :        getking 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        invert 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        kinstress 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        kinstressf 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        kinstressg 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        mat_mul 
ensemble_tools_module.f :        sdot0
ensemble_tools_module.f :        shlmerge 
error_module.f :                 exitcomms 
error_module.f :                 gsync 
ewald_module.f :                 dcell 
ewald_module.f :                 error 
ewald_module.f :                 gdsum 
ewald_module.f :                 gstate 
ewald_module.f :                 invert 
ewald_module.f :                 loc2
exclude_module.f :               check_exclude 
exclude_module.f :               error 
exclude_module.f :               gimax 
exclude_module.f :               gstate 
exclude_module.f :               warning 
external_field_module.f :        copystring 
external_field_module.f :        dblstr
external_field_module.f :        error 
external_field_module.f :        gdsum 
external_field_module.f :        getcom_mol 
external_field_module.f :        getrec 
external_field_module.f :        getword 
external_field_module.f :        gstate 
external_field_module.f :        intstr
external_field_module.f :        lowcase 
external_field_module.f :        strip 
forces_module.f :                angfrc 
forces_module.f :                bndfrc 
forces_module.f :                coul0 
forces_module.f :                coul0neu 
forces_module.f :                coul2 
forces_module.f :                coul2neu 
forces_module.f :                coul3 
forces_module.f :                coul3neu 
forces_module.f :                coul4 
forces_module.f :                coul_nsq 
forces_module.f :                dihfrc 
forces_module.f :                erfcgen 
forces_module.f :                erfcgen 
forces_module.f :                error 
forces_module.f :                error 
forces_module.f :                ewald1 
forces_module.f :                ewald2 
forces_module.f :                ewald3 
forces_module.f :                ewald4 
forces_module.f :                ewald_spme 
forces_module.f :                extnfld 
forces_module.f :                fbpfrc 
forces_module.f :                fcap 
forces_module.f :                forces 
forces_module.f :                forces_neu 
forces_module.f :                gdsum 
forces_module.f :                gimax 
forces_module.f :                global_sum_forces 
forces_module.f :                gstate 
forces_module.f :                hkewald1 
forces_module.f :                hkewald2 
forces_module.f :                hkewald3 
forces_module.f :                hkewald4 
forces_module.f :                hkgen 
forces_module.f :                images 
forces_module.f :                intra_forces 
forces_module.f :                invfrc 
forces_module.f :                metafreeze_driver 
forces_module.f :                metdens 
forces_module.f :                metfrc 
forces_module.f :                multiple 
forces_module.f :                multiple_neu 
forces_module.f :                multiple_nsq 
forces_module.f :                neutlst 
forces_module.f :                primlst 
forces_module.f :                prneulst 
forces_module.f :                rdf0 
forces_module.f :                rdf0neu 
forces_module.f :                ring_forces 
forces_module.f :                shlfrc 
forces_module.f :                srfrce 
forces_module.f :                srfrceneu 
forces_module.f :                tersoff 
forces_module.f :                tethfrc 
forces_module.f :                thbfrc 
forces_module.f :                to neutlst 
four_body_module.f :             copystring 
four_body_module.f :             dblstr
four_body_module.f :             dcell 
four_body_module.f :             error 
four_body_module.f :             gdsum 
four_body_module.f :             getrec 
four_body_module.f :             getword 
four_body_module.f :             gstate 
four_body_module.f :             intstr
four_body_module.f :             invert 
four_body_module.f :             loc4
four_body_module.f :             lowcase 
hkewald_module.f :               dcell 
hkewald_module.f :               error 
hkewald_module.f :               gdsum 
hkewald_module.f :               gstate 
hkewald_module.f :               invert 
hkewald_module.f :               invert 
hkewald_module.f :               warning 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        check_basins 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        check_for_transition 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        crecv 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        csend 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        define_minimum_state 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        duni
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        error 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        force_manager 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        freeze 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        gdsum 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        gstate 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        gsync 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        hyper_open 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        invert 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        merge 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        neb_driver 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        neb_spring_forces 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        nlist_driver 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        read_reference_config 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        regauss 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        scan_profile 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        store_config 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        strucopt 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        transition_properties 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        transition_time 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        write_profile 
hyper_dynamics_module.f :        write_reference_config 
integrator_module.f :            bead_moments 
integrator_module.f :            error 
integrator_module.f :            gaussian_moments 
integrator_module.f :            gstate 
integrator_module.f :            npt_b1 
integrator_module.f :            npt_h1 
integrator_module.f :            nptq_b1 
integrator_module.f :            nptq_b2 
integrator_module.f :            nptq_h1 
integrator_module.f :            nptq_h2 
integrator_module.f :            nptqvv_b1 
integrator_module.f :            nptqvv_b2 
integrator_module.f :            nptqvv_h1 
integrator_module.f :            nptqvv_h2 
integrator_module.f :            nptvv_b1 
integrator_module.f :            nptvv_h1 
integrator_module.f :            nst_b1 
integrator_module.f :            nst_h1 
integrator_module.f :            nstq_b1 
integrator_module.f :            nstq_b2 
integrator_module.f :            nstq_h1 
integrator_module.f :            nstq_h2 
integrator_module.f :            nstqvv_b1 
integrator_module.f :            nstqvv_b2 
integrator_module.f :            nstqvv_h1 
integrator_module.f :            nstqvv_h2 
integrator_module.f :            nstvv_b1 
integrator_module.f :            nstvv_h1 
integrator_module.f :            nve_1 
integrator_module.f :            nveq_1 
integrator_module.f :            nveq_2 
integrator_module.f :            nveqvv_1 
integrator_module.f :            nveqvv_2 
integrator_module.f :            nvevv_1 
integrator_module.f :            nvt_b1 
integrator_module.f :            nvt_e1 
integrator_module.f :            nvt_h1 
integrator_module.f :            nvtq_b1 
integrator_module.f :            nvtq_b2 
integrator_module.f :            nvtq_h1 
integrator_module.f :            nvtq_h2 
integrator_module.f :            nvtqvv_b1 
integrator_module.f :            nvtqvv_b2 
integrator_module.f :            nvtqvv_h1 
integrator_module.f :            nvtqvv_h2 
integrator_module.f :            nvtvv_b1 
integrator_module.f :            nvtvv_e1 
integrator_module.f :            nvtvv_h1 
integrator_module.f :            pimd_nvt 
integrator_module.f :            pimd_nvt_gth 
integrator_module.f :            pimd_nvt_nhc 
integrator_module.f :            pmflf 
integrator_module.f :            pmfvv 
integrator_module.f :            thermostat_moments 
integrator_module.f :            vscaleg 
inversion_module.f :             copystring 
inversion_module.f :             dblstr
inversion_module.f :             error 
inversion_module.f :             gdsum 
inversion_module.f :             getrec 
inversion_module.f :             getword 
inversion_module.f :             gstate 
inversion_module.f :             images 
inversion_module.f :             intstr
inversion_module.f :             lowcase 
lf_motion_module.f :             cell_propagate 
lf_motion_module.f :             error 
lf_motion_module.f :             gdsum 
lf_motion_module.f :             getcom 
lf_motion_module.f :             getkin
lf_motion_module.f :             getvom 
lf_motion_module.f :             gstate 
lf_motion_module.f :             images 
lf_motion_module.f :             kinstress 
lf_motion_module.f :             mat_mul 
lf_motion_module.f :             merge 
lf_motion_module.f :             rdshake_1 
lf_motion_module.f :             sdot0
lf_motion_module.f :             shmove 
lf_motion_module.f :             splice 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          bodystress 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          cell_propagate 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          error 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          error 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          getcom 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          getkinf
lf_rotation1_module.f :          getkinr
lf_rotation1_module.f :          getkint
lf_rotation1_module.f :          getrotmat 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          getvom 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          gimax 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          gstate 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          images 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          kinstressf 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          kinstressg 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          mat_mul 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          merge 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          merge1 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          rdshake_1 
lf_rotation1_module.f :          sdot0
lf_rotation1_module.f :          update_quaternions 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          bodystress 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          cell_propagate 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          error 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          error 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          getkinf
lf_rotation2_module.f :          getkinr
lf_rotation2_module.f :          getkint
lf_rotation2_module.f :          getrotmat 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          getvom 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          gimax 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          gstate 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          images 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          kinstressf 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          kinstressg 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          mat_mul 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          merge 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          merge1 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          merge4 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          qshake 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          sdot0
lf_rotation2_module.f :          shmove 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          splice 
lf_rotation2_module.f :          update_quaternions 
merge_tools.f :                  error 
merge_tools.f :                  gdsum 
merge_tools.f :                  gstate 
merge_tools.f :                  gsync 
merge_tools.f :                  mpi_irecv 
merge_tools.f :                  mpi_send 
merge_tools.f :                  mpi_wait 
metafreeze_module.f :            compute_bias_potential 
metafreeze_module.f :            compute_steinhardt 
metafreeze_module.f :            compute_tet_nlist 
metafreeze_module.f :            compute_tetrahedral 
metafreeze_module.f :            crecv 
metafreeze_module.f :            csend 
metafreeze_module.f :            dblstr
metafreeze_module.f :            deposit_gaussian 
metafreeze_module.f :            exitcomms 
metafreeze_module.f :            gdsum 
metafreeze_module.f :            getrec 
metafreeze_module.f :            getword 
metafreeze_module.f :            gisum 
metafreeze_module.f :            gstate 
metafreeze_module.f :            gsync 
metafreeze_module.f :            images 
metafreeze_module.f :            intstr
metafreeze_module.f :            mfrz_Error 
metal_module.f :                 abort_eamtable_read 
metal_module.f :                 copystring 
metal_module.f :                 dblstr
metal_module.f :                 eamden 
metal_module.f :                 error 
metal_module.f :                 error 
metal_module.f :                 findstring
metal_module.f :                 fsden 
metal_module.f :                 gdsum 
metal_module.f :                 getrec 
metal_module.f :                 getword 
metal_module.f :                 gstate 
metal_module.f :                 images 
metal_module.f :                 intstr
metal_module.f :                 loc2
metal_module.f :                 lowcase 
metal_module.f :                 metal_deriv 
metal_module.f :                 metgen 
metal_module.f :                 mettab 
metal_module.f :                 warning 
neu_coul_module.f :              loc2
nlist_builders_module.f :        dcell 
nlist_builders_module.f :        error 
nlist_builders_module.f :        error 
nlist_builders_module.f :        gimax 
nlist_builders_module.f :        gisum 
nlist_builders_module.f :        gstate 
nlist_builders_module.f :        images 
nlist_builders_module.f :        invert 
nlist_builders_module.f :        invert 
nlist_builders_module.f :        merge 
nlist_builders_module.f :        parlink 
nlist_builders_module.f :        parlinkneu 
nlist_builders_module.f :        parlst 
nlist_builders_module.f :        parlst_nsq 
nlist_builders_module.f :        parneulst 
nlist_builders_module.f :        shellsort 
nlist_builders_module.f :        vertest 
nlist_builders_module.f :        vertest2 
optimiser_module.f :             error 
optimiser_module.f :             gdsum 
optimiser_module.f :             global_sum_forces 
optimiser_module.f :             images 
optimiser_module.f :             merge 
optimiser_module.f :             merge1 
optimiser_module.f :             pseudo_shake 
optimiser_module.f :             strucopt 
optimiser_module.f :             torque_split 
optimiser_module.f :             turn_rigid_body 
optimiser_module.f :             zero_kelvin 
pair_module.f :                  error 
pair_module.f :                  gstate 
parse_module.f :                 gisum 
parse_module.f :                 gstate 
parse_module.f :                 gsync 
parse_module.f :                 intstr
parse_module.f :                 mkwd8
pass_tools.f :                   error 
pass_tools.f :                   gisum 
pass_tools.f :                   gstate 
pass_tools.f :                   gsync 
pass_tools.f :                   mpi_irecv 
pass_tools.f :                   mpi_send 
pass_tools.f :                   mpi_wait 
pimd_module.f :                  crecv 
pimd_module.f :                  csend 
pimd_module.f :                  csend 
pimd_module.f :                  error 
pimd_module.f :                  gauss 
pimd_module.f :                  gdsum 
pimd_module.f :                  gstate 
pimd_module.f :                  gsync 
pimd_module.f :                  invert 
pimd_module.f :                  mpi_irecv 
pimd_module.f :                  mpi_send 
pimd_module.f :                  mpi_wait 
pimd_module.f :                  pmerge 
pimd_module.f :                  puni
pimd_module.f :                  read_rnd_cfg 
pimd_module.f :                  read_thermostats 
pimd_module.f :                  reset_pimd_momenta 
pimd_module.f :                  ring_gather 
pimd_module.f :                  ring_gather 
pimd_module.f :                  stage_coords 
pimd_module.f :                  stage_mass 
pimd_module.f :                  stage_momenta 
pimd_module.f :                  unstage_momenta 
pmf_module.f :                   bodystress 
pmf_module.f :                   dblstr
pmf_module.f :                   error 
pmf_module.f :                   error 
pmf_module.f :                   findstring
pmf_module.f :                   gdsum 
pmf_module.f :                   getkin
pmf_module.f :                   getkinf
pmf_module.f :                   getkinr
pmf_module.f :                   getkint
pmf_module.f :                   getrec 
pmf_module.f :                   getrotmat 
pmf_module.f :                   gimax 
pmf_module.f :                   gstate 
pmf_module.f :                   images 
pmf_module.f :                   intstr
pmf_module.f :                   kinstress 
pmf_module.f :                   kinstressf 
pmf_module.f :                   kinstressg 
pmf_module.f :                   lowcase 
pmf_module.f :                   merge 
pmf_module.f :                   merge1 
pmf_module.f :                   pmf_rattle_r 
pmf_module.f :                   pmf_rattle_v 
pmf_module.f :                   pmf_shake 
pmf_module.f :                   pmf_shake 
pmf_module.f :                   pmf_vectors 
pmf_module.f :                   rdrattle_r 
pmf_module.f :                   rdrattle_v 
pmf_module.f :                   rdshake_1 
pmf_module.f :                   splice 
pmf_module.f :                   strip 
pmf_module.f :                   update_quaternions 
property_module.f :              config_write 
property_module.f :              dcell 
property_module.f :              diffsn0 
property_module.f :              diffsn1 
property_module.f :              error 
property_module.f :              flush 
property_module.f :              gdsum 
property_module.f :              gdsum 
property_module.f :              get_prntime 
property_module.f :              get_simtime 
property_module.f :              gstate 
property_module.f :              merge 
property_module.f :              rdf1 
property_module.f :              revive 
property_module.f :              timchk 
property_module.f :              zden1 
rigid_body_module.f :            error 
rigid_body_module.f :            gdsum 
rigid_body_module.f :            getrec 
rigid_body_module.f :            gstate 
rigid_body_module.f :            intstr
serial.f :                       error 
setup_module.f :                 abortscan 
setup_module.f :                 cfgscan 
setup_module.f :                 conscan 
setup_module.f :                 dblstr
setup_module.f :                 dcell 
setup_module.f :                 exitcomms 
setup_module.f :                 findstring
setup_module.f :                 fldscan 
setup_module.f :                 gdsum 
setup_module.f :                 getword 
setup_module.f :                 gsync 
setup_module.f :                 intstr
setup_module.f :                 lowcase 
shake_module.f :                 copystring 
shake_module.f :                 dblstr
shake_module.f :                 error 
shake_module.f :                 getrec 
shake_module.f :                 gstate 
shake_module.f :                 intstr
site_module.f :                  copystring 
site_module.f :                  dblstr
site_module.f :                  error 
site_module.f :                  getrec 
site_module.f :                  getword 
site_module.f :                  gstate 
site_module.f :                  intstr
site_module.f :                  warning 
solvation_module.f :             error 
solvation_module.f :             gdsum 
solvation_module.f :             gstate 
spme_module.f :                  bspcoe 
spme_module.f :                  bspgen 
spme_module.f :                  ccfft3d 
spme_module.f :                  cpy_rtc 
spme_module.f :                  dcell 
spme_module.f :                  dcft3 
spme_module.f :                  dlpfft3 
spme_module.f :                  ele_prd 
spme_module.f :                  error 
spme_module.f :                  fftwnd_f77_one 
spme_module.f :                  gdsum 
spme_module.f :                  gstate 
spme_module.f :                  invert 
spme_module.f :                  invert 
spme_module.f :                  scl_csum 
spme_module.f :                  set_block 
spme_module.f :                  spl_cexp 
spme_module.f :                  spl_cexp 
spme_module.f :                  spme_for 
spme_module.f :                  zzfft3d 
temp_scalers_module.f :          error 
temp_scalers_module.f :          gauss 
temp_scalers_module.f :          gdsum 
temp_scalers_module.f :          gstate 
temp_scalers_module.f :          images 
temp_scalers_module.f :          invert 
temp_scalers_module.f :          merge 
temp_scalers_module.f :          merge1 
temp_scalers_module.f :          quatqnch 
temp_scalers_module.f :          quench 
temp_scalers_module.f :          shlmerge 
temp_scalers_module.f :          shlqnch 
temp_scalers_module.f :          shmove 
temp_scalers_module.f :          splice 
temp_scalers_module.f :          vscaleg 
tersoff_module.f :               copystring 
tersoff_module.f :               dblstr
tersoff_module.f :               dcell 
tersoff_module.f :               error 
tersoff_module.f :               gdsum 
tersoff_module.f :               getrec 
tersoff_module.f :               getword 
tersoff_module.f :               gstate 
tersoff_module.f :               intstr
tersoff_module.f :               invert 
tersoff_module.f :               loc2
tersoff_module.f :               lowcase 
tersoff_module.f :               tergen 
tersoff_module.f :               terint 
tersoff_module.f :               tersoff3 
tether_module.f :                copystring 
tether_module.f :                dblstr
tether_module.f :                error 
tether_module.f :                gdsum 
tether_module.f :                getrec 
tether_module.f :                getword 
tether_module.f :                gstate 
tether_module.f :                images 
tether_module.f :                intstr
tether_module.f :                intstr
tether_module.f :                lowcase 
tether_module.f :                merge 
tether_module.f :                strip 
three_body_module.f :            copystring 
three_body_module.f :            dblstr
three_body_module.f :            dcell 
three_body_module.f :            error 
three_body_module.f :            gdsum 
three_body_module.f :            getrec 
three_body_module.f :            getword 
three_body_module.f :            gstate 
three_body_module.f :            intstr
three_body_module.f :            invert 
three_body_module.f :            loc3
three_body_module.f :            lowcase 
utility_module.f :               date_and_time 
utility_module.f :               error 
utility_module.f :               exitcomms 
utility_module.f :               gdsum 
utility_module.f :               images 
utility_module.f :               invert 
utility_module.f :               mynode
vdw_module.f :                   abort_table_read 
vdw_module.f :                   copystring 
vdw_module.f :                   dblstr
vdw_module.f :                   error 
vdw_module.f :                   error 
vdw_module.f :                   findstring
vdw_module.f :                   forgen 
vdw_module.f :                   fortab 
vdw_module.f :                   gdsum 
vdw_module.f :                   getrec 
vdw_module.f :                   getword 
vdw_module.f :                   gstate 
vdw_module.f :                   intstr
vdw_module.f :                   loc2
vdw_module.f :                   lowcase 
vdw_module.f :                   warning 
vv_motion_module.f :             dcell 
vv_motion_module.f :             error 
vv_motion_module.f :             gdsum 
vv_motion_module.f :             getcom 
vv_motion_module.f :             getkin
vv_motion_module.f :             getvom 
vv_motion_module.f :             gstate 
vv_motion_module.f :             images 
vv_motion_module.f :             kinstress 
vv_motion_module.f :             mat_mul 
vv_motion_module.f :             merge 
vv_motion_module.f :             nptscale_p 
vv_motion_module.f :             nptscale_t 
vv_motion_module.f :             nstscale_p 
vv_motion_module.f :             nstscale_t 
vv_motion_module.f :             nvtscale 
vv_motion_module.f :             nvtscale_shl 
vv_motion_module.f :             rdrattle_r 
vv_motion_module.f :             rdrattle_v 
vv_motion_module.f :             sdot0
vv_motion_module.f :             shmove 
vv_motion_module.f :             splice 
vv_pimd_module.f :               error 
vv_pimd_module.f :               gdsum 
vv_pimd_module.f :               gstate 
vv_pimd_module.f :               puni
vv_pimd_module.f :               thermo_chain_sy 
vv_pimd_module.f :               thermostat_energy 
vv_pimd_module.f :               unstage_coords 
vv_pimd_module.f :               unstage_momenta 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          bodystress 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          dcell 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          error 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          error 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          getcom 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          getkinf
vv_rotation1_module.f :          getking 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          getrotmat 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          getvom 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          gimax 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          gstate 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          images 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          kinstressf 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          kinstressg 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          mat_mul 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          merge 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          merge1 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          nosquish 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          nptqscl_p 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          nptqscl_t 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          nstqscl_p 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          nstqscl_t 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          nvtqscl 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          nvtscale_shl 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          rdrattle_r 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          rdrattle_v 
vv_rotation1_module.f :          sdot0
vv_rotation2_module.f :          bodystress 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          dcell 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          error 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          gdsum 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          getcom 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          getkinf
vv_rotation2_module.f :          getking 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          getrotmat 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          getvom 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          gimax 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          gstate 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          images 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          kinstressf 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          kinstressg 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          mat_mul 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          merge 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          merge1 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          nosquish 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          nptqscl_p 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          nptqscl_t 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          nstqscl_p2 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          nstqscl_t2 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          nvtqscl 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          nvtscale_shl 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          pivot 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          qrattle_r 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          qrattle_v 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          rotate_omega 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          sdot0
vv_rotation2_module.f :          shmove 
vv_rotation2_module.f :          splice 
\end{verbatim}
